= Documentation for Change Password Feature

The change password feature implements a form that a user can use to
change their password.

== Auth Value Methods

change_password_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional
                                        form tags to use on the change password
                                        form.
change_password_button :: The text to use for the change password button.
change_password_error_flash :: The flash error to show for an unsuccessful
                               password change.
change_password_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show after a successful
                                password change.
change_password_redirect :: Where to redirect after a sucessful password change.
change_password_requires_password? :: Whether a password is required when
                                      changing passwords.
change_password_route :: The route to the change password action. Defaults to
                         +change-password+.

== Auth Methods

after_change_password :: Run arbitrary code after successful password change.
before_change_password :: Run arbitrary code before changing the password for an account.
before_change_password_route :: Run arbitrary code before handling a change password route.
change_password_view :: The HTML to use for the change password form.
invalid_previous_password_message :: The message to use when the previous password was
                                     incorrect.  Defaults to invalid_password_message.
