= Documentation for Close Account Feature

The close account feature allows users to close their accounts.

== Auth Value Methods

account_closed_status_value :: The integer representing closed accounts.
close_account_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional form tags to use on the close account form.
close_account_button :: The text to use for the close account button.
close_account_error_flash :: The flash error to show if there is an error closing the account.
close_account_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show after closing the account.
close_account_page_title :: The page title to use on the close account form.
close_account_redirect :: Where to redirect after closing the account.
close_account_requires_password? :: Whether a password is required when closing accounts.
close_account_route :: The route to the close account action. Defaults to +close-account+.
delete_account_on_close? :: Whether to delete the account when closing it, default value is to use +skip_status_checks?+.

== Auth Methods

after_close_account :: Run arbitrary code after closing the account.
before_close_account :: Run arbitrary code before closing an account.
before_close_account_route :: Run arbitrary code before handling a close account route.
close_account :: Close the account, by default setting the account status to closed.
close_account_response :: Return a response after successfully closing the account . By default, redirects to +close_account_redirect+.
close_account_view :: The HTML to use for the close account form.
delete_account :: If +delete_account_on_close?+ is true, delete the account when closing it.
