= Documentation for Create Account Feature

The create account feature allows users to create new accounts.

== Auth Value Methods

create_account_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional
                                       form tags to use on the create account
                                       form.
create_account_button :: The text to use for the create account button.
create_account_error_flash :: The flash error to show for unsuccessful
                              account creation.
create_account_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show after successful
create_account_redirect :: Where to redirect after creating the account.
create_account_route :: The route to the create account action. Defaults to
                        +create-account+.
create_account_set_password? :: Whether to ask for a password to be set on the create
                                account form.  Defaults to true.  If set to false, an
                                alternative method to set the password should be used.

== Auth Methods

after_create_account :: Run arbitrary code after creating the account.
before_create_account :: Run arbitrary code before creating the account.
before_create_account_route :: Run arbitrary code before handling a create account route.
create_account_autologin? :: Whether to autologin the user upon
                             successful account creation, true by default unless verifying
                             accounts.
create_account_link :: HTML fragment to display with a link to the create
                       account form.
create_account_view :: The HTML to use for the create account form.
new_account(login) :: Instantiate a new account model instance for the
                      given login, without saving it.
save_account :: Insert the account into the database, or return nil/false if that
                was not successful.
set_new_account_password :: Set the password for a new account if
                            +account_password_hash_column+ is set, without saving.
