= Documentation for Login Password Requirements Base Feature

The login password requirements base feature is automatically loaded when you
use a Rodauth feature that requires setting logins or passwords.

== Auth Value Methods

already_an_account_with_this_login_message :: The error message to display when there already exists an account with the same login.
contains_null_byte_message :: The error message to display when the password contains a null byte (only used if parameters with null bytes are otherwise allowed).
login_confirm_label :: The label to use for login confirmations.
login_confirm_param :: The parameter name to use for login confirmations.
login_does_not_meet_requirements_message :: The error message to display when the login does not meet the requirements you have set.
login_email_regexp :: The regular expression used to validate whether login is a valid email address.
login_maximum_bytes :: The maximum length for logins in bytes, 255 by default.
login_maximum_length :: The maximum length for logins in characters, 255 by default.
login_minimum_length :: The minimum length for logins in characters, 3 by default.
login_not_valid_email_message :: The error message to display when login is not a valid email address.
login_too_long_message :: The error message fragment to show if the login is too long.
login_too_many_bytes_message :: The error message fragment to show if the login has too many bytes.
login_too_short_message :: The error message fragment to show if the login is too short.
logins_do_not_match_message :: The error message to display when login and login confirmation do not match.
password_confirm_label :: The label to use for password confirmations.
password_confirm_param :: The parameter name to use for password confirmations.
password_does_not_meet_requirements_message :: The error message to display when the password does not meet the requirements you have set.
password_hash_cost :: The cost to use for the password hash algorithm. This should be an integer when using bcrypt (the default), and a hash if using argon2 (supported by the argon2 feature).
password_maximum_bytes :: The maximum length for passwords in bytes, nil by default for no limit. bcrypt only uses the first 72 bytes of the password when creating the password hash, so if you are using bcrypt as the password hash function, you may want to set this to 72.
password_maximum_length :: The maximum length for passwords in characters, nil by default for no limit.
password_minimum_length :: The minimum length for passwords in characters, 6 by default.
password_too_long_message :: The error message fragment to show if the password is too long.
password_too_many_bytes_message :: The error message fragment to show if the password is has too many bytes.
password_too_short_message :: The error message fragment to show if the password is too short.
passwords_do_not_match_message :: The error message to display when password and password confirmation do not match.
require_email_address_logins? :: Whether logins need to be valid email addresses, true by default.
require_login_confirmation? :: Whether login confirmations are required when changing logins or creating accounts.  True by default if not verifying the account.
require_password_confirmation? :: Whether password confirmations are required when changing/resetting passwords and creating accounts.
same_as_existing_password_message :: The error message to display when a new password is the same as the existing password.

== Auth Methods

login_meets_requirements?(login) :: Whether the given login meets the requirements.  By default, just checks that the login is a valid email address.
login_valid_email?(login) :: Whether the login is a valid email address.
password_hash(password) :: A hash of the given password.
password_meets_requirements?(password) :: Whether the given password meets the requirements. Can be used to implement complexity requirements for passwords.
set_password(password) :: Set the password for the current account to the given password.
