= Documentation for OTP Feature

The otp feature implements a 2 factor authentication via time-based one-time
passwords (TOTP).  It supports signing up for 2 factor authentication, logging
in with authentication codes, and disabling two factor authentication.

As the otp feature uses multiple routes, it has separate before_otp_* methods,
one per route, instead of a single before_otp method.

The otp feature requires the rotp and rqrcode gems.

== Auth Value Methods

otp_already_authenticated_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show if going to an OTP
                                          authentication page when already authenticated.
otp_already_authenticated_redirect :: Where to redirect if going to an OTP authentication
                                      page when already authenticated.
otp_already_setup_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show if going to the OTP setup
                                  page when OTP is already setup.
otp_auth_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional form tags to use on
                                 the OTP authentication form.
otp_auth_button :: Text to use for button on OTP authentication form.
otp_auth_error_flash :: The flash error to show if unable to authenticate via OTP.
otp_auth_failures_limit :: The number of allowed OTP authentication failures before locking
                           out.
otp_auth_form_footer :: A footer to display at the bottom of the OTP authentication form.
otp_auth_label :: The label for the OTP authentication code.
otp_auth_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show after successful OTP authentication.
otp_auth_param :: The parameter name for the OTP authentication code.
otp_auth_redirect :: Where to redirect after successful OTP authentication.
otp_auth_required_redirect :: Where to redirect if OTP authentication is required for a
                              particular page.
otp_auth_route :: The route to the OTP authentication action.
otp_base_route :: The base route used for the other OTP routes.
otp_digits :: The number of digits to use in OTP authentication codes (rotp's default is 6).
otp_disable_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional form tags to use on
                                    the from to disable OTP authentication.
otp_disable_button :: The text to use for button on form to disable OTP authentication.
otp_disable_error_flash :: The flash error to show if unable to disable OTP authentication.
otp_disable_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show after disabling OTP authentication.
otp_disable_redirect :: Where to redirect after disabling OTP authentication.
otp_disable_route :: The route to the OTP disable action.
otp_invalid_auth_code_message :: The error message to show when an invalid OTP authentication
                                 code is used.
otp_interval :: The number of seconds in which to rotate TOTP auth codes (rotp's default is 300).
otp_issuer :: The issuer to use in the OTP provisioning URL.  Defaults to the host name of the
              request.
otp_keys_id_column :: The column in the otp_keys_table containing the account id.
otp_keys_column :: The column in the otp_keys_table containing the OTP secret.
otp_keys_failures_column :: The column in the otp_keys_table containing the
                            number of OTP authentication failures.
otp_keys_last_use_column :: The column in otp_keys_table containing the last authentication
                            timestamp.
otp_keys_table :: The table name containing the OTP secrets.
otp_lockout_error_flash :: The flash error show show when OTP authentication has been locked
                           out due to numerous authentication failures.
otp_modifications_require_password? :: Whether modifying OTP settings requires reentering the
                                       password for the account, true by default.
otp_need_authentication_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show when OTP authentication is
                                        required for a given action.
otp_need_setup_redirect :: Where to redirect if OTP needs to be setup for the account.
otp_not_setup_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show when OTP authentication has not been
                              setup for the current account.
otp_session_key :: The session key used to store whether the user has authenticated via OTP.
otp_setup_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional form tags when setting up
                                  OTP authentication.
otp_setup_button :: Text for the button when setting up OTP authentication.
otp_setup_error_flash :: The flash error to show if OTP authentication setup was not successful.
otp_setup_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show if OTP authentication setup was successful.
otp_setup_param :: The parameter name used for the OTP secret when setting up OTP authentication.
otp_setup_redirect :: Where to redirect after sucessful OTP authentication setup.
otp_setup_route :: The route to the OTP setup action.
otp_setup_session_key :: The session key storing whether OTP authentication has been setup for
                         the account.

== Auth Methods

after_otp_authentication :: Run arbitrary code after succesful OTP authentication.
after_otp_authentication_failure :: Run arbitrary code after OTP authentication failure.
after_otp_disable :: Run arbitrary code after OTP authentication has been disabled.
after_otp_setup :: Run arbitrary code after OTP authentication has been setup.
before_otp_authentication :: Run arbitrary code before OTP authentication.
before_otp_setup :: Run arbitrary code before OTP authentication setup.
before_otp_disable :: Run arbitrary code before OTP authentication disabling.
otp :: The object used for verifying OTP authentication attempts.
otp_add_key(secret) :: Add an OTP key for the current account with the given secret.
otp_auth_view :: The HTML to use for the OTP authentication form.
otp_authenticated? :: Whether the current session has been authenticated via OTP.
otp_disable_view :: The HTML to use for the OTP disable form.
otp_exists? :: Whether the current account has setup OTP.
otp_key :: The stored OTP secret for the account.
otp_locked_out? :: Whether the current account has been locked out of OTP authentication.
otp_new_secret :: A new secret to use when setting up OTP.
otp_provisioning_name :: The provisioning name to use during OTP setup, defaults to the
                         account's email.
otp_provisioning_uri :: The provisioning URI displayed during OTP setup.
otp_qr_code :: The QR code containing the otp_provisioning_uri, by default an SVG image.
otp_record_authentication_failure :: Record an OTP authentication failure.
otp_remove :: Removes all stored OTP data for the current account.
otp_remove_auth_failures :: Removes OTP authentication failures for the current account,
                            used after successful OTP authentication.
otp_remove_session :: Remove all OTP data from the session.
otp_setup_view :: The HTML to use for the form to setup OTP authentication.
otp_tmp_key(secret) :: Set the secret to use for the OTP key.
otp_update_last_use :: Update the last time OTP authentication was successful for the
                       account.
otp_update_session(type) :: Update the session to show the logged in account has succesfully
                            authenticated via 2nd factor, with type being a symbol for the
                            type of second factor.
otp_valid_code?(auth_code) :: Whether the given code is the currently valid OTP auth
                              code for the account.
otp_valid_key?(secret) :: Whether the given secret is a valid OTP secret.
