= Documentation for OTP Lockout Email Feature

The otp_lockout_email feature emails users when:

* TOTP authentication is locked out
* TOTP authentication is unlocked
* A TOTP unlock attempt has failed

The otp_unlock feature depends on the otp_lockout and email_base features.

== Auth Value Methods

otp_locked_out_email_body :: Body to use for the email notifying user that TOTP authentication has been locked out.
otp_locked_out_email_subject :: Subject to use for the email notifying user that TOTP authentication has been locked out.
otp_unlock_failed_email_body :: Body to use for the email notifying user that there has been an unsuccessful attempt to unlock TOTP authentication.
otp_unlock_failed_email_subject :: Subject to use for the email notifying user that there has been an unsuccessful attempt to unlock TOTP authentication.
otp_unlocked_email_body :: Body to use for the email notifying user that TOTP authentication has been unlocked.
otp_unlocked_email_subject :: Subject to use for the email notifying user that TOTP authentication has been unlocked.
send_otp_locked_out_email? :: Whether to send an email when TOTP authentication is locked out.
send_otp_unlock_failed_email? :: Whether to send an email when there has been an unsuccessful attempt to unlock TOTP authentication.
send_otp_unlocked_email? :: Whether to send an email when TOTP authentication is unlocked.

== Auth Methods

create_otp_locked_out_email :: A Mail::Message for the email notifying user that TOTP authentication has been locked out.
create_otp_unlock_failed_email :: A Mail::Message for the email notifying user that there has been an unsuccessful attempt to unlock TOTP authentication.
create_otp_unlocked_email :: A Mail::Message for the email notifying user that TOTP authentication has been unlocked.
send_otp_locked_out_email :: Send the email notifying user that TOTP authentication has been locked out.
send_otp_unlock_failed_email :: Send the email notifying user that there has been an unsuccessful attempt to unlock TOTP authentication.
send_otp_unlocked_email :: Send the email notifying user that TOTP authentication has been unlocked.
