= Documentation for Remember Feature

The remember feature allows for token-based autologin for users. It records
which sessions were autologged in via a token, and allows you to request
password confirmation later for such sessions if they are accessing a
section requiring more security.  The remember feature depends on the
logout feature.

By default, the remember feature just supports a form that the user can use
to change their remember settings for the current browser.  They can either
enable remembering for the browser, forget it for the browser, or disable
it completely so that any remembering for other browsers is removed as well.

In some cases, you may want to force remembering on users if you don't want
to force them to turn it on manually.  For example, if you want to force
remembering on login, you can do that via:

  after_login do
    remember_login
  end

== Auth Value Methods

extend_remember_deadline? :: Whether to extend the remember token deadline
                             when the user is autologged in via token.
remember_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional
                                 form tags to use on the change remember 
                                 setting form.
remember_button :: The text to use for the change remember settings button.
remember_cookie_key :: The cookie name to use for the remember token.
remember_cookie_options :: Any options to set for the remember cookie.
remember_deadline_column :: The column name in the remember keys table storing
                            the deadline after which the token will be
                            ignored.
remember_deadline_interval :: The amount of time for which to remember accounts,
                              14 days by default.  Only used if set_deadline_values?
                              is true.
remember_disable_label :: The label for disabling remembering.
remember_disable_param_value :: The parameter value for disabling remembering.
remember_error_flash :: The flash error to show if there is an error changing a
                        remember setting.
remember_forget_label :: The label for turning off remembering.
remember_forget_param_value :: The parameter value for turning off remembering.
remember_id_column :: The id column in the remember keys table, should be a
                      foreign key referencing the accounts table.
remember_key_column :: The remember key/token column in the remember keys table.
remember_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show after remember setting
                         has been updated.
remember_period :: The additional time to extend the remember deadline if
                   extending remember deadlines.
remember_redirect :: Where to redirect after changing the remember settings.
remember_remember_param_value :: The parameter value for switching on remembering.
remember_remember_label :: The label for turning on remembering.
remember_route :: The route to the change remember settings action. Defaults to
                  +remember+.
remember_table :: The name of the remember keys table.
remember_param :: The parameter name to use for the remember password settings
                  choice.
remembered_session_key :: The key in the session storing whether the current
                          session has been autologged in via remember token.

== Auth Methods

add_remember_key :: Add a remember key for the current account to the remember
                    keys table.
after_load_memory :: Run arbitrary code after autologging in an account via
                     a remember token.
after_remember :: Run arbitrary code after changing the remember settings.
before_load_memory :: Run arbitrary code before autologging in an account via
                      a remember token.
before_remember :: Run arbitrary code before changing the remember settings.
before_remember_route :: Run arbitrary code before handling the remember route.
clear_remembered_session_key :: Clear the flag for whether the current
                                account was autologged in via token, called
                                after successful password confirmation.
disable_remember_login :: Disable the remember key token, clearing the token
                          from the database so future connections with the
                          token will not be recognized.
forget_login :: Forget the current remember token, deleting the related cookie.
                Other browsers that have the cookie cached can still use it
                login.
generate_remember_key_value :: A random string to use as the remember key.
get_remember_key :: Retrieve the remember key from the database.
load_memory :: If the remember key cookie is included in the request, and the
               user is not currently logged in, check the remember keys table
               and autologin the user if the remember key cookie matches the
               current remember key for the account. This method needs to be
               called manually inside the Roda route block to autologin users.
logged_in_via_remember_key? :: Whether the current session was logged in via
                               a remember key.
remember_key_value :: The current value of the remember key/token.
remember_login :: Set the cookie containing the remember token, so that future
                  sessions will be autologged in.
remember_view :: The HTML to use for the change remember settings form.
remove_remember_key(id_value=account_id) :: Delete the related remember key from
                                            the database.
