= Documentation for Reset Password Feature

The reset password feature implements password resets.  If the user enters
an invalid password, they will be displayed a form where they can request
a password reset.  Submitting that form will send an email containing a
link, and that link will taken them to a password reset form. Depends on
the login feature.

== Auth Value Methods

no_matching_reset_password_key_message :: The flash error message to show if attempting
                                          to access the reset password form with an
                                          invalid key.
reset_password_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional form
                                       tags to use on the reset password form.
reset_password_autologin? :: Whether to autologin the user after successfully
                             resetting a password.
reset_password_button :: The text to use for the reset password button.
reset_password_deadline_column :: The column name in the reset password keys table storing
                                  the deadline after which the token will be ignored.
reset_password_deadline_interval :: The amount of time for which to allow users to
                                    reset their passwords, 1 day by default.
reset_password_email_sent_notice_flash :: The flash notice to show after a reset
                                          password email has been sent.
reset_password_email_sent_redirect :: Where to redirect after sending a reset
                                      password email.
reset_password_email_subject :: The subject to use for reset password emails.
reset_password_error_flash :: The flash error to show after resetting a password.
reset_password_id_column :: The id column in the reset password keys table, should
                            be a foreign key referencing the accounts table.
reset_password_key_column :: The reset password key/token column in the reset
                             password keys table.
reset_password_key_param :: The parameter name to use for the reset password key.
reset_password_redirect :: Where to redirect after resetting a password.
reset_password_request_additional_form_tags :: HTML fragment containing additional form
                                               tags to use on the reset password request
                                               form.
reset_password_request_button :: The text to use for the reset password request button.
reset_password_request_error_flash :: The flash error to show if not able to send a reset
                                      password email.
reset_password_request_route :: The route to the reset password request action.
reset_password_route :: The route to the reset password action.
reset_password_session_key :: The key in the session to hold the reset password key temporarily.
reset_password_table :: The name of the reset password keys table.

== Auth Methods

account_from_reset_password_key(key) :: Retrieve the account using the given reset
                                        password key, or return nil if no account
                                        matches.
after_reset_password :: Run arbitrary code after successfully resetting a password.
after_reset_password_request :: Run arbitrary code after sending the reset password
                                email.
before_reset_password :: Run arbitrary code before resetting a password.
before_reset_password_request :: Run arbitrary code before sending the reset password
                                 email.
before_reset_password_route :: Run arbitrary code before handling a reset password route.
create_reset_password_key :: A random string to use as a reset password key.
get_reset_password_key(id) :: Get the password reset key for the given account id
                              from the database.
create_reset_password_email :: A Mail::Message for the reset password email.
remove_reset_password_key :: Remove the reset password key for the current account,
                             run after successful password reset.
reset_password_email_body :: The body to use for the reset password email.
reset_password_email_link :: The link to the reset password form in the reset
                             password email.
reset_password_key_insert_hash :: The hash to insert into the reset password keys
                                  table.
reset_password_key_value :: The reset password key for the current account.
reset_password_view :: The HTML to use for the reset password form.
send_reset_password_email :: Send the reset password email.
